Refactoring and expanding the Media section (#5545)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/media/video-and-source-tags/index.md

authors:
  - samdutton
  - joemedley
  - derekherman
description: |
  You've properly prepared a video file for the web. You've given it correct
  dimensions and the correct resolution. You've even created separate WebM and
  MP4 files for different browsers. For anyone to see it, you still need to add
  it to a web page.
date: 2014-14-15
updated: 2021-04-14
tags:
  - media
  - video
---

You've properly [prepared a video file] for the web. You've given it correct
dimensions and the correct resolution. You've even created separate WebM and
MP4 files for different browsers.

For anyone to see your video, you still need to add it to a web page. Doing so
properly requires adding two HTML elements: the [`<video>`] element and the

> [`<source>`] to your web page. In addition to basics about these tags, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`<source>`] element. In addition to basics about these tags, this
```

> article also explains attributes you should add to those tags to craft a good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
article explains attributes you should add to those tags to craft a good
```

</video>
```

[Try it on Glitch] ([source])

{% Aside %}
Notice in the previous example that the `controls` attribute was introduced.

> which instructs browsers to allow the user to control video playback, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instructs browsers to allow the user to control video playback, including
```

}
```

#### HTML

```html
<div class="video-container">
  <iframe
    src="//www.youtube.com/embed/l-BA9Ee2XuM"
    frameborder="0"
    width="560"
    height="315"
  ></iframe>
</div>
```

[Try it]

Compare the [responsive sample] to the [unresponsive version]. As you can see,

> it's not a great user experience with the unresponsive version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the unresponsive version isn't a great user experience.
```

video immediately. The precise way it works depends on the platform and browser.

* Chrome: Depends on multiple factors including but not limited to whether the
  viewing is on desktop and whether the mobile user has added your site or app
  to their homescreen. For details, see [Autoplay best practices].

> * Firefox: Blocks all video and sound, but gives user the ability to relax these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Firefox: Blocks all video and sound, but gives users the ability to relax these
```
